Upgrade playwright to 1.0.0 (#2383)
Codeception/CodeceptJS: docs/custom-helpers.md

}
```

> In this case `el` will be an instance of [ElementHandle](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/v1.0.1/docs/api.md#class-elementhandle) which is similar for Playwright & [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/#?product=Puppeteer&version=v2.1.1&show=api-class-elementhandle).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case `el` will be an instance of [ElementHandle](https://playwright.dev/#version=master&path=docs%2Fapi.md&q=class-elementhandle) which is similar for Playwright & [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/#?product=Puppeteer&version=master&show=api-class-elementhandle).
```
Let's stick to latest documentation for not to update this links on each minor release
